well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
well the fear of science and what
multiplication can teach us about it and
why the establishment in general tends
to fear science on this day January 13th
in 1404 King Henry the fourth I think
the fourth signed into law the act
against multipliers he didn't have any
problem with mathematicians multipliers
were alchemists people that could turn
base metals into gold in theory this was
a field of study at the time the law was
passed for two reasons the first being
the rich folk who were friends with the
government that's how you got rich back
then well some of them were getting
duped they were getting tricked the
alchemists the multiplier would show up
and say hey give me some gold and now
double it for you and at first these are
smart people they would only give them
like five pieces and sure enough the
guide come back with 10 and give it to
him and then while they do with a larger
amount and that person would just
disappear with their money that was one
reason that was a slight annoyance but
there was a bigger reason they were
worried that it would work at some point
somebody would really figure it out and
that that would have a destabilizing
effect on the status quo just like today
money was power and if somebody was able
to literally create money out of thin
air well they would have unlimited power
a lot of laws and regulations that are
aimed at science that's what it's about
it's about those in power the
establishment the status quo not really
understanding it and therefore being
afraid of it and being very worried that
it's going to upset the status quo a lot
of innovation has been stifled over the
years because of regulations like this
because of legislators attempting to
slow the pursuit of knowledge until they
can catch up and understand it and as
we've seen legislators as a species tend
to learn slowly the establishment is
slow to change that's why a lot of
breakthroughs that occur you find out
that they used well less than legal
means to do it because a lot of times
they're cyfle they're blocked research
gets blocked and this still goes on
today different different things
obviously but once a regulation or a
prohibition against some kind of new
technology or field of study gets put
into place it stays in place a long time
because it just becomes part of the
establishment this is how it is and
that's the worst reason to keep doing
something we've always done it this way
but it doesn't stop people from falling
into that trap this law was on the books
until some of the biggest names in
science to include Isaac Newton spoke
out against
when we have our betters telling us that
certain technologies or certain fields
of study aren't worth pursuing we should
always ask why because many times it's
just them attempting to preserve their
place in the world above you anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night